README.md, before:

# terraform-random-target-node
Repository of a Terraform module that generates random numbers to select servers that will receive new VMs.

Run these commands on the computer that is running Terraform:

1. Run an example

    Each example demonstrates different configurations of the module.

    To auto-approve the execution, add `-auto-approve` to the command.

    ```bash
    ./tf.sh apply 01-bare-minimum -auto-approve
    ```

1. Run the basic example

    This example applies the **bare minimum configuration** required to use the module.

    ```bash
    ./tf.sh apply 01-bare-minimum
    ```

1. Run the node prefix example

    This example demonstrates how to **set a custom prefix** for the randomly selected node.

    ```bash
    ./tf.sh apply 02-node-prefix
    ```

1. Run the node scale example

    This example shows how to **scale the selection of nodes**, allowing multiple target nodes to be selected instead of just one.

    ```bash
    ./tf.sh apply 03-node-scale
    ```

1. Run the node separator example

    This example demonstrates how to **define a custom separator** when generating node names.

    ```bash
    ./tf.sh apply 04-node-separator
    ```

1. Run all attributes example

    This example applies all possible attributes of the module, showcasing the **full range of configurations**.

    ```bash
    ./tf.sh apply 05-all-attributes
    ```

1. Run all examples

    To execute **all example configurations** in sequence, run.

    ```bash
    ./run-all.sh apply
    ```

1. Destroy all examples

    To clean up and **remove all resources** created by the examples.

    ```bash
    ./run-all.sh destroy
    ```

1. Creating a Release

    To version and release the module so it can be imported into other Terraform projects.

    1. List existing tags.
        ```bash
        git tag
        ```

    1. Create a new version tag.
        ```bash
        git tag -a 1.0.7 -m "Release 1.0.7: Improved environment support and documentation."
        ```

    1. Push the new tag to the repository.
        ```bash
        git push --tags
        ```

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE "MIT License") file for details.

## Created by

Luciano Sampaio

Commit message:

docs: Add Terraform Registry information and usage example to README.md

README.md, after:

# terraform-random-target-node
Repository of a Terraform module that generates random numbers to select servers that will receive new VMs.

## Terraform Registry

This module is published on the official Terraform Registry:

[lsampaioweb/target-node/random](https://registry.terraform.io/modules/lsampaioweb/target-node/random/latest)

You can use it directly in your Terraform configuration:

```hcl
module "target_node" {
  source  = "lsampaioweb/target-node/random"
  version = "1.0.7"

  min       = 1
  max       = 10
  prefix    = "pve"
  scale     = "%d"
  separator = "-"
}
```

## Getting Started

Run these commands on the computer that is running Terraform:

1. Run an example

    Each example demonstrates different configurations of the module.

    To auto-approve the execution, add `-auto-approve` to the command.

    ```bash
    ./tf.sh apply 01-bare-minimum -auto-approve
    ```

1. Run the basic example

    This example applies the **bare minimum configuration** required to use the module.

    ```bash
    ./tf.sh apply 01-bare-minimum
    ```

1. Run the node prefix example

    This example demonstrates how to **set a custom prefix** for the randomly selected node.

    ```bash
    ./tf.sh apply 02-node-prefix
    ```

1. Run the node scale example

    This example shows how to **scale the selection of nodes**, allowing multiple target nodes to be selected instead of just one.

    ```bash
    ./tf.sh apply 03-node-scale
    ```

1. Run the node separator example

    This example demonstrates how to **define a custom separator** when generating node names.

    ```bash
    ./tf.sh apply 04-node-separator
    ```

1. Run all attributes example

    This example applies all possible attributes of the module, showcasing the **full range of configurations**.

    ```bash
    ./tf.sh apply 05-all-attributes
    ```

1. Run all examples

    To execute **all example configurations** in sequence, run.

    ```bash
    ./run-all.sh apply
    ```

1. Destroy all examples

    To clean up and **remove all resources** created by the examples.

    ```bash
    ./run-all.sh destroy
    ```

1. Creating a Release

    To version and release the module so it can be imported into other Terraform projects.

    1. List existing tags.
        ```bash
        git tag
        ```

    1. Create a new version tag.
        ```bash
        git tag -a 1.0.7 -m "Release 1.0.7: Improved environment support and documentation."
        ```

    1. Push the new tag to the repository.
        ```bash
        git push --tags
        ```

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE "MIT License") file for details.

## Created by

Luciano Sampaio
